let's just go we're going dark getting
dark now let's quickly make some stuff
cook you make a sword and try and fight
this n demand because I'm see guard if
you press f7 must go dark you press f6
that goes daytime there you go that
doesn't pretty good installation I
reckon that's awesome I've already made
one of them when we're doing pretty mad
a sword I need to find it make a pic
that's what I wanted to so I can get
some so I can make a torch let's get off
this build this this world his pickaxe a
on Pig really should kill some mum why
they run away man they've done some good
jobs in this update come on as any
chemist somebody to shoot Danny
atomic no all I wanted was a bit of
bloody Cole and I bet she's gonna take
me forever to actually foxy Cole it's
gonna take me forever to fuck just fix
me head set up there we go cool come on
man I need a phone call trees in the way
come on give me a give me some stone
somewhere i needa find some need to find
some calls I can make some torches if I
was in survival mode to be able to get
myself some but they need to make more
stony outcrops so I can find some coal I
think I can see some coal over there
this event I've only got 15 minutes I've
only got three minutes to show you some
in demand oh it's getting darker online
press Essex again once i find some
carlisle kill some shit yes thank God
for that
I gotta fend these things this I can lie
say with this shit they're going to go
back to that slap plain kill some shit
we'll miss Hill down and then lucky oh I
did i just i did just fall down in it
o.o a zombie want to see some zombie
flesh oh that was experienced a shitload
of experience awesome that was as she
lettered experience pines that's just
going here it's going to my first cave
in 1.8 oh okies pedal torches look he's
better when I dining I can just said
I'm going to die want to see some cave
spiders walkies Hilton
who lover oh she little lover who we
need to find some creepers for you guys
they hopefully some cave spiders maybe
even and that was the dungeon I was
going to go debt to the unknown here and
okay and I just stops he serious I'm
going to stop this here recording here
and I'm going to go to the service and
trying to find some other creatures
welcome back to come out to out here and
out to the desert and now I'm going to
turn up tonight on oh shit they're going
to be some oh shit i want too far i just
press it once come on you get sun going
down good good good good nice this is
put some torches down try and survive
this next upcoming event which could be
epic this is present on it's not time
now uber shit I'm not sunset what a
beautiful sunset that was let's see if
we can find some creatures creatures I
got a small into haven't they they've
got a half a trick sport soon that's
just I'm eating food now and my hungers
gone up there you go beautiful can't see
any creatures in
consignee creatures come on man give me
some creatures you're a normal
difficulty let's just got a little bit
in the nod i'm pretty sure they're not
because it looks pretty fuck i'm just
kind of a session for one I don't care I
don't care man well there's a creeper
looks like you Lecrae pray week on one
come on come on Yoon explode come on
creeper oh shit they're all after me now
shit chair oh look at the river that was
sick the way it exploded that was
awesome another creeper over there what
did you drop before experienced orbs
explode explode explode explode come on
not gone Oh awesome nice I like that I
like that a lot they looked much more
realistic come ones would you know oh
fuck you got me i'm gone i'm a tease i
got killed by almost killed by three
creepers and a skeleton and my guys are
my kid leave this video here because
there's a shitload of 0 creeper just got
hammered bothered by the tough skeleton
then whole shit i'm gonna die no doubt
about well yeah i'm gone anyway guys I'm
crab carnage and hope you enjoyed my
video for them minecraft 1.8 pre-release
and I'll hold feces in the next episode
see you later remember to subscribe as
well subscribe subscribe subscribe
you